you
Oh No there's a giant monster in my city
blame ya
what are we going to do about that
normally she didn't get doesn't get up
here but I was putting out my new stuff
my hands were full she got up here in
Sydney she likes being up here and
roaming around and sing
new Baxter building
yes she not saw her stuff and she's
nothing over trees but her tail at this
moment okay there is the entire stores
in there haven't found a good place for
it yet don't know where you do it if I
can get by without stepping on this cat
I'm sure you grow up with the drive-in
theater it's over here near the trailer
car is a trailer park
and this is the ball field playing the
stackers or playing against the clutch
Fletcher's next to the mining facility
this is sort of dysentery or output a
lot of junk
her dark I know I'm day today
more look down this way
you